About this R script File with R code "run_analysis.R" perform 5 following steps (in accordance assigned task of course work):

Merging the training and the test sets to create one data set. 
  Reading all the train and test datasets.
  Merging train and test sets to form a main dataset.
Extracting only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement Assign column names. 
  Extracting mean and standard deviation for each measurement.
Using descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
Appropriately labeling the data set with descriptive variable names
Creating a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject 
  Average of each variable for each activity and subject. 
  Write the final tidy dataset to a text file.
  
 About variables:
x_train, y_train, x_test, y_test, sub_train and sub_test contain the data from the downloaded files.
x_data, y_data and sub_data merge the previous datasets.
main_data is the dataset that is formed by merging x_data,y_data and sub_data for further analysis.

Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
In this step, the script reads the file activity_labels.txt, and applies descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set, namely:

WALKING
WALKING_UPSTAIRS
WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
SITTING
STANDING
LAYING
Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.
The script properly labels the dataset with descriptive names: all feature names and activity names are converted to , 
underscores and brackets ("(", ")") are removed.

Names of the attributes corresponds to:

"tbodyacc-mean-x"
"tbodyacc-mean-y"
"tbodyacc-mean-z"
"tbodyacc-std-x"
"tbodyacc-std-y"
"tbodyacc-std-z"
"tgravityacc-mean-x"
"tgravityacc-mean-y"
"tgravityacc-mean-z"
"tgravityacc-std-x"
"tgravityacc-std-y"
"tgravityacc-std-z"
"tbodyaccjerk-mean-x"
"tbodyaccjerk-mean-y"
"tbodyaccjerk-mean-z"
"tbodyaccjerk-std-x"
"tbodyaccjerk-std-y"
"tbodyaccjerk-std-z"
"tbodygyro-mean-x"
"tbodygyro-mean-y"
"tbodygyro-mean-z"
"tbodygyro-std-y"
"tbodygyro-std-z"
"tbodygyrojerk-mean-x"
"tbodygyrojerk-mean-y"
"tbodygyrojerk-mean-z"
"tbodygyrojerk-std-x"
"tbodygyrojerk-std-y"
"tbodygyrojerk-std-z"
"tbodyaccmag-mean"
"tbodyaccmag-std"
"tgravityaccmag-mean"
"tgravityaccmag-std"
"tbodyaccjerkmag-mean"
"tbodyaccjerkmag-std"
"tbodygyromag-mean"
"tbodygyromag-std"
"tbodygyrojerkmag-mean"
"tbodygyrojerkmag-std"
"fbodyacc-mean-x"
"fbodyacc-mean-y"
"fbodyacc-mean-z"
"fbodyacc-std-x"
"fbodyacc-std-y"
"fbodyacc-std-z"
"fbodyaccjerk-mean-x"
"fbodyaccjerk-mean-y"
"fbodyaccjerk-mean-z"
"fbodyaccjerk-std-x"
"fbodyaccjerk-std-y"
"fbodyaccjerk-std-z"
"fbodygyro-mean-x"
"fbodygyro-mean-y"
"fbodygyro-mean-z"
"fbodygyro-std-x"
"fbodygyro-std-y"
"fbodygyro-std-z"
"fbodyaccmag-mean"
"fbodyaccmag-std"
"fbodybodyaccjerkmag-mean"
"fbodybodyaccjerkmag-std"
"fbodybodygyromag-mean"
"fbodybodygyromag-std"
"fbodybodygyrojerkmag-mean"
"fbodybodygyrojerkmag-std"

